Yanik Silver: Okay. There we go.
Yanik Silver: I'm an ADA client fit.
James Guldan: 88%. Yeah, so this is… know that this is the backend I don't typically share with people, so it's like, this is gonna be mainly from my perspective, so it gives, like, just to set it, it gives a clinical setting of… imagine if you had, like, an FBI psychological profile of yourself.
James Guldan: So just kind of like, I want to set that setting, because sometimes it gets a little creepy really quick, and I just want to make sure
James Guldan: You are set for that.
James Guldan: so you had, that's wild. Okay, so your lowest score was your inciting incident, so story…
James Guldan: your inciting story was your lowest. Did you have…
James Guldan: Significant childhood trauma when you were a kid?
Yanik Silver: Not really. At least I don't think so.
James Guldan: Yeah, because you're, like, the highest… that's super high here. Usually people have a… if they have a tough time telling their origin story, it usually means there's, like, childhood trauma or sexual trauma.
James Guldan: So when there's, like, 40% or below, there's a high probability that their brain doesn't want to remember
James Guldan: Before the age of, like, 13 or 14. And so there's, like, a lot that gets to dive into that, and the information it gives me is I want to be careful around going around their inciting incident as much as possible without consent.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, so my stuff almost feels like an unfolding that was happening.
James Guldan: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: Not necessarily a, here's this thing that was instantaneous, whatever.
James Guldan: Yeah, let me see this for a second, because this has…
James Guldan: when it loaded it, it might have loaded in somebody else. Let's see here, because it's using…
James Guldan: It's using somebody else's.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, because I saw… the next time I went in there, and it pulled up the little blueprint thing.
James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, pretty much.
Yanik Silver: Kelly, and I'm like, I don't know who a Marcus Kelly is. Maybe that's, like, a famous person that I should know as a…
James Guldan: Wouldn't that be funny? No, I think what happens is when I update the system, it makes a best guess for gapping the, like, what was missing from the old content to the new content, and sometimes what it does is it…
James Guldan: just makes random fucking guesses, and just completely makes shit up, and I'm pretty sure this might have tied you in with somebody else, so let me just… let me check in on this on the back end, because this'll tell me…
James Guldan: What happened?
James Guldan: And this is why you want to do enterprise level versus, me duct taping and super gluing something together. So you get to kind of see a little bit behind the scenes of what…
James Guldan: it looks like to have, because this thing, if I ran it over a thousand people, it would fall the fuck apart. Like…
Yanik Silver: Yeah, but you're proving something out right now, which is…
James Guldan: No, right, well, and that's where Chris and I were different, right? Like, because I…
James Guldan: would like to sell something that's, like, MVP, versus having something solidified. It's so hard to sell something after the fact versus, like, sell the idea and have a concept for it running.
Yanik Silver: I'd… Yeah, I'm with you. I'd rather sell something first, give me the energy from the yes, and then…
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: And then build, and then you get feedback items, and it's like… Yeah.
James Guldan: Okay, just a second, it's loading right now…
James Guldan: Okay, let's let it recreate itself for a second here while we…
James Guldan: Oh, we dabble. But let me show you… let me see if I can grab somebody else in here.
James Guldan: Just to show you the data.
Yanik Silver: Well, I'll tell you the idea I had while you're pulling that up,
Yanik Silver: It's my journal. Give me one second.
Yanik Silver: So I thought… I think I… maybe I told you this in Austin a tiny bit, I'm like, it'd be really cool if there's… it's almost taken as, like, a…
Yanik Silver: You don't have to know it's called this, but almost like a ceremony, where…
Yanik Silver: You know, you start with cacao or something else, and it's like you put them into a higher elevated state, and then they're doing the work.
Yanik Silver: Here's this little notebook.
James Guldan: I think that's such a good idea, because cacao is, like, very sacred, and a lot of people don't understand it, so it seems very mystical still.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, I mean, to me, it's… it's a…
Yanik Silver: amazing, multidimensional mentor, teacher, I think it's super powerful.
Yanik Silver: Heck is…
James Guldan: I like that idea of, like.
Yanik Silver: the, but then, it's, like, on the… on the back end… Hold on.
Yanik Silver: What day did I do this, you know? It was a show.
James Guldan: Yeah, I can see. Let me see.
James Guldan: People…
Yanik Silver: Oh, I got it, okay. I got it. So, cacao, imagine, like.
Yanik Silver: cacao and Golden Rule, or something like a microdosing protocol.
Yanik Silver: Before that, then the AI magic, get them, you know, maybe like a mini meditation or something like that, or some breathwork, and then the magic output, and then part of their own words are then placed into a visionary artifact with my art around it that gets sent to them as a thing that lives on their desk. So now they…
Yanik Silver: They had, like, their… their ultimate… Deal.
James Guldan: How legal is it to send out the Golden Rule stuff? Or, like, what's the…
Yanik Silver: They send it out to everyone,
Yanik Silver: I mean, you have to, like.
Yanik Silver: If you're a buyer, customer, you sign on that you're part of their church, or whatever.
James Guldan: What I meant was, like, are you able to… what I'm thinking of is a ritual and indoctrination for somebody joining Maverick. It would be very powerful for them, like, us to send them cacao and this, and be like.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, I'd rather do cacao only than Golden Rules.
James Guldan: Got it, got it, got it. Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah.
James Guldan: But, like, sending them something like that.
Yanik Silver: something cacao, for sure, like, I… yeah. And I did a… I did a thing where I was experimenting with it for the Thousand Suns group, where it was a box with cacao in there, and then a bunch of things that they did.
Yanik Silver: throughout their, like… at one point, they wrote a love letter to themselves. At one point, you know, they pulled a card out of their deck that they had, and then they… another point, they had a sealed envelope, and then that… that was, like, the final…
Yanik Silver: a little workshop about who are the thousand suns you're lighting, and then they took their bracelet and put it on their wrist to signify what that was. There's a…
Yanik Silver: There's a candle in there made from beeswax, from…
Yanik Silver: Empowered moms, or whatever, so I was like…
Yanik Silver: That… that would be a really interesting way of playing with…
Yanik Silver: you know, the… they're… like, I like Ritual, and I think we've fallen away from… from some of that, for sure.
James Guldan: Well, you had it mastered, right? Like, because you're very creative, you have very divergent thinking, like, even the… like.
James Guldan: did you… where were you inspired with the Cuddle Puddle, or with the… what was it… what was it called? Like, because I thought that was, like, world-class.
Yanik Silver: Oh, the… the… Love Enchilada?
James Guldan: Yeah, like, what inspired you to do that? I thought that was, like, a really, really good ending of an event, because it's like, it culminates, hey, we've all met each other, we understand it, and we see you.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, so it…
Yanik Silver: you know, we did, a couple years back, we had the amazing ceremony with Pat in the buffalo hide, so that stuck with me, but… Gotcha. Well, but where I came back, and it was so amazing was, you know, I had this rainbow hammock, I don't know if you… if I told you the story, but… No, I'll send you the doodle of it, but, like.
Yanik Silver: the cacao came into my life January 11th, 2020, right? And…
Yanik Silver: 111, I mean, these are, like, there's so many interconnection points to it, but Cacao is very synchronistic, and then, our guide there shared the story of cacao with the Cosmovision. I've shared with you the Bribree story in the tribe, like, we had a cacao ceremony together.
James Guldan: Maybe not. Maybe it doesn't… I'll let you know if it rings a bell.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, I don't think we have… but I'll… I'll give you the super short version, but there's a sloth that lives on this hammock that created the universe, and that's the way the Cebu think of it. And that's their creator being known as Cebu, and Cebu…
Yanik Silver: created all living things, and then created humans last, and basically said, I've given you everything, don't call me again. And then the only time ever Cebu got off its hammock was to…
Yanik Silver: Give them one more gift to humans, so they'd remember their divine interconnection to everything, and that was cacao.
Yanik Silver: And then visiting the Cacao sisters, it disguises itself as this ugly old man. Visit the Cacao Sisters, there's 5 different sisters. Three of them are young and pretty, and they move their hammocks up to the top so this ugly old man can't talk to them or flirt with them.
Yanik Silver: One's very young, one is not so pretty, and that's the one that serves him cacao. And then he asks her to marry him, and she says, yes, I'd like to marry you. And then the other girls are laughing and giggling and…
Yanik Silver: One falls out of her hammock, and farts and stinks up the whole hut, and one gets tangled in her hammock, and then he transforms into this being of a thousand suns, is the way our guide shared it. You know, without even knowing anything about me.
James Guldan: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: And then a bunch of mavericks, like, looked over at me, like, winked, and laughed, and then I was, like, really moved by the cacao itself. And then the next day, one of our members, like, dude, pay attention, you're like that cosmic sloth, you need to… you know, there's something there. I'm like, oh, ha ha ha. And then…
Yanik Silver: COVID came, and I went back to him, and I'm like, I'd really like to know more about this, and he's like, well, my wife is a real teacher, and literally two days before that, she created a virtual apprentice program. So I was the very first virtual apprentice from Costa…
James Guldan: I'm buying, I bought, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're connected to me, universally, in some way, I am in.
Yanik Silver: I mean, it was… it was amazing, and then, so, you know, Cacao, that was… so January, when I went with 111. 1111's also connected to the Cosmic Journal. That was how, like, all the little pages I created for the Cosmic Journal, I put them into order.
Yanik Silver: at 1.11am, then I created the left-hand pages at 1.11am, the manuscript showed up at 1.11pm via FedEx, like, it was just like…
Yanik Silver: So many things there, and then,
Yanik Silver: So I did my apprenticeship, and then…
Yanik Silver: The very first time, we did another event in Mexico. It had been a while. Actually, Raj was there, and it was for December 2021, for the solstice, when there's this big conjunction, and at the neighbor's house, there was a rainbow hammock.
Yanik Silver: And and I'm like, oh, that's Cebu's hammock. And then, so I kind of, like, hinted to the people next door, I'm like, oh, you have a really nice hammock. They're like, yeah. And I wanted them to be like, oh, just, you know, lay in there whenever you want. But I didn't do that, and I'd sneak in there sometimes for sunrise, but, like, one foot in, one foot out.
Yanik Silver: And, and then finally, I got the nerve to ask him what I really wanted. I'm like, hey, can I buy your hammock?
Yanik Silver: And they're like, yeah, okay, we'll find out how much it is. Our house manager's coming over, and it was $100. I'm like, okay. So, that rainbow hammock, and then I went back and realized, I'm like, holy shit, this was 333 days from January 11th.
Yanik Silver: Like, it was exactly when I saw, like, I'm like, okay, this is wild. And that's one of my numbers, too.
Yanik Silver: So then, this is a long way of saying, I have this rainbow hammock, it's very special to me, and a couple months ago, we did this ceremony with a few people here, we called it the Anywaym, or anyway, which, like, you know, how people get all worked up about something, and they're like, anyway.
Yanik Silver: Yeah. And they completely discount what they've said, so we did a whole ceremony about that, and then we wrapped them in the rainbow hammock.
Yanik Silver: and swaddle them, and one of the women there is like, oh my god, I had this vision of a rainbow blanket that everyone gets wrapped in and swaddled in. And so…
Yanik Silver: that's where it came from, and then Sophia and I kind of brainstormed a little bit, and I'm like, oh, we should do a sheet, we should do… we should draw art on it, we should do the thing again. She wanted me to bring the rainbow hammock, I'm like, I don't want to travel with it, it's too heavy, it's too big.
James Guldan: Well, and it's too valuable, right? Like, nobody will understand the worth, the value it has to you, versus, like, creating something special for the group there, because it was…
Yanik Silver: Yeah, it was even better the way it worked out, because it was jointly created. I mean, the rainbow Hammock would work, but you need the whole entire backstory, and to have the cacao together, but it's not the same as… I think what we did is actually kind of cool, and could be used in different ways now.
James Guldan: What was… The beauty of it is… like…
James Guldan: the depth of priming for it was, like, rebirth, swaddling, being a baby, getting back to reset, like, safety, I am enough, I was always enough, remember who the fuck you are, and then priming that with
James Guldan: 3 minutes of affirmations? Like, how do you lose? This is so much better than the fucking duct tape and kidnapping people, you know what I mean? Like, it's…
Yanik Silver: It's a different level.
James Guldan: It's such a good idea.
Yanik Silver: Yep.
James Guldan: And it's.
Yanik Silver: 3 minutes, 33 seconds, connected to 333 days of… When the hammock came through.
James Guldan: I wish you would have told the story around the sloth, because I think that's…
James Guldan: I… maybe you didn't, because enough people there knew it.
Yanik Silver: Well, no, because it didn't connect to the… we didn't have a caca… if I would have had a cacao ceremony.
James Guldan: Got it, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And what was the reason we didn't use cacao there?
Yanik Silver: Mmm… I don't think we had a spot that really worked. I brought it, and we were gonna do it, but it didn't… we never… it never fully came together.
James Guldan: Yeah, cause I think… Anytime you can get…
James Guldan: somebody to interrupt their system with cacao, you get…
James Guldan: a pretty powerful experience, and I think that primed with… Affirmations, especially at that event.
Yanik Silver: Yeah. Yeah.
James Guldan: It's, like, really, really, really powerful.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
James Guldan: Yeah. Okay, it's still loading your thing in right now, it's running.
Yanik Silver: blue.
James Guldan: It, yeah.
James Guldan: Let me…
James Guldan: See how far it is. I did get the right one this time, but now it's loading all the enhanced data, because I don't… I don't run all the enhanced data unless I get permission from somebody. So…
James Guldan: I've been working on the consent rule of the amount of data that I grab, because I am a data whore, and I love getting and gathering data.
James Guldan: And so, what this does is it looks up your profiles online and grabs, like, all the data it can possibly find around your engagements.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, I got it.
Yanik Silver: I was just trying to pull up that page that you had again, and now it's, like, kind of blank. It has a few…
James Guldan: Yeah, it's broken right now. Raj and I were working on it earlier, and so it's broken right now.
James Guldan: I was on a call right before this, let me get to fix it. Okay, it has your… let's see, it has it all in here now.
James Guldan: Careful.
James Guldan: Yep, okay.
James Guldan: Alright, so here's what…
James Guldan: It has, so got it. So you weren't at 100 on everything. Good, good, good. I was like, dude, no fucking way. So, inciting incident, 40, so your clarity there. So, typically, this is an indicator, again, anything, like, lower 10 and 20 indicates, like, sexual abuse or some sort of deep…
James Guldan: childhood abuse, you're pretty good on the inciting incident. Belief specificity, you were on the very high echelon. Client avatar precision, 60%, which I knew.
James Guldan: Personal stake, so you're pretty committed, that's powerful.
James Guldan: Mere moment, you've 80% coachable.
James Guldan: Which is pretty… I mean, it's pretty high for most people of, you know, you're discerning on who you allow into your life, which I think is, like, a very powerful… you don't want to be at 100%, otherwise you end up in a cult.
James Guldan: So…
James Guldan: who they are at their best, pattern recognition across decades. So, you're somebody who sees time as nonlinear, which is very rare metaclarity, they call it. That type of psychodymographic has a lot of power to it, it also has a lot of weaknesses to it.
James Guldan: Because it's hard to sit in certain spaces when you see time as nonlinear.
James Guldan: vision compression into systems, so you're a fractional thinker, which is why you're so divergent in your thought processes, and why you have quite a bit of, creative thinking process. Like, your creative thinking process engine is 100%.
James Guldan: The reason why it says this is you have your word choice. Thinks and doodles, you're very,
James Guldan: your operating system, seeds, suns, blooms, screams, fractional, like, it's literally the definition of what.
Yanik Silver: Fractal.
James Guldan: Sorry, Fractal Thinker. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's, like, the literal definition of it. I love that.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
James Guldan: self-authorship, renamed himself into his mission. I love that.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, that's pretty interesting.
James Guldan: Network alchemy. Relationship moat. That's a wild word. I like that.
James Guldan: Yeah. So, psychological profile.
James Guldan: Dang, dude, you're my first secure.
James Guldan: Interesting, okay.
Yanik Silver: Okay, so that's good. I thought I was avoidant, so now I'm…
James Guldan: Well, you have avoidant edges. You definitely are on the avoidance scale, but you're mainly secure, so it has, like, the fractional output of it, and so, like, your main core of it is secure, your outside edges are gonna be avoidant, but that's mostly a protective mechanism you probably have from just immigrant lifestyle.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, probably, and then also, like, who to let in.
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: Would it also, because you have such deep relationships, you need to protect yourself in that way?
James Guldan: Love languages, synchronicities and signs, I've never seen that as being a love language.
Yanik Silver: I've been, yeah, I've been saying that for now a little while, like, synchronicities are my love language, and it's just like…
James Guldan: Yeah, and acts of co-creation, so you're… like, that's a really.
Yanik Silver: I haven't seen that one before.
James Guldan: Yeah, that's interesting.
James Guldan: Yeah…
Yanik Silver: Yeah. That's certainly, like…
James Guldan: It says you read the universe like a letter. That's cute. Oh, here's your story. January 11th. Cebu the Sloth, the Mexican consciousness researcher with his birth name.
Yanik Silver: But it's not… they're not… they're not connected, but they're… I guess that's a separate synchronicity.
James Guldan: Yeah, that's Sync Reader, co-creator, Signs and Omens, secure, anchored in love, but pulls back when intimacy requires full exposure. That's interesting.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, you can tell Lucy that.
James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure she'll sit in whatever space we have here. So core wound, not quite from here, the lifelong loneliness of being too much for every room he was in. Interesting. How much do you resonate with that core wound?
Yanik Silver: of, like, not… of being too much for every room. Yeah. I think… I think for sure around not fully…
Yanik Silver: shining as bright as I can, or not putting 100% in, or 1000% in, and… and then I do realize it's connected to that whole aspect of
Yanik Silver: safety of… Being too seen could be unsafe.
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: Yeah, that's interesting.
James Guldan: Your work style is visionary, fractal, playful.
James Guldan: Yannick does not build and then sell. He feels something, puts it into the world before it is finished, and then lets the response prove it is real.
James Guldan: That's pretty cool.
James Guldan: Let's see… I was loved, and now I'm full to go back into the world and do my best work. Emotional intensity 98 during that process, that's pretty cool.
Yanik Silver: I don't… I don't think that was me saying that, I was saying… I think I was saying that about our members, but…
James Guldan: It's gonna take credit, you know? It's not a perfect system.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: But I'm saying that as, like, that's what we do for… for people, not…
James Guldan: Your values and beliefs. Number one, play fully, alignment over comfort, and like the others. How much do you resonate with those, like, that being your value system?
Yanik Silver: I don't know about alignment over comfort, I'd probably call it something else, but…
Yanik Silver: But I think what it says is correct.
James Guldan: Every major transition of his life was him leaving something profitable because the misalignment was louder than the payoff. He has paid the cost of integrity so many times, it's now instinctive.
James Guldan: That's interesting.
Yanik Silver: Cosmic alarm clock, or the… Yeah. The… the feeling into…
James Guldan: Yeah, the universe needs to guide, yeah, yeah.
Yanik Silver: It's really the, is this all of me? I think that's what it is, like, is this my fullest expression?
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: Your words create your world, that's your operating belief. I love that. Contrarian belief. Synchronicities are a love letter from the universe, nudging you towards your greatest work. Most of the entrepreneurship industry would squirm at that sentence, and that's precisely why it is his edge.
James Guldan: Yeah, I think that's… that's… like, I haven't met… you don't meet a lot of young silvers.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
James Guldan: Emotional peaks, the name change.
James Guldan: Cereal bowl in the non-dominant hand. I was loved, and now I'm full. You had some high emotional intensities, that's pretty cool.
Yanik Silver: I had… I definitely had some tears welling up, like, probably 3 or 4 times, it was nice.
James Guldan: that's my biggest compliment, right? Like, I think it's cool, because I'm also testing for emotional intensity, because that's, like, my report Rubrik. Rubrik is building out…
James Guldan: how the emotional peaks… because each one has their own story, like, your money story, your purpose story, your life story, your… And, like, understanding the story elements of it. I don't care, like, what empirically it is, I care how you view the world.
Yanik Silver: I'm curious on this. I was loved, and now I'm full, I don't…
Yanik Silver: I don't really think that was what I said about me, but…
James Guldan: I wish it had more info.
James Guldan: You have a 96 kindness score. That's pretty wild. So this is my rubric for who I work with. So this is why you're an 87% coaching fit, so…
James Guldan: They need to be… my primary is coachable, second primary is kind, third is committed to purpose. Fourth, how committed are they to work? How ready are they to build?
James Guldan: How much do they respect complementary core skill sets? How secure of an attachment style do they have? Because they don't want people being all jittery. And then how safe are they? Like, are they going to freak the fuck out?
Yanik Silver: Pretty interesting. The ones that are below 80 are the committed to work and ready to build.
James Guldan: I also think if you were to take a look at all of these, very rarely are people in the 90s.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
James Guldan: Oh, my God.
Yanik Silver: I'd rather be in the 90s on some of these other ones.
James Guldan: Yeah, like, let's say the kindness quarter? That's pretty… that's the highest I've seen so far.
James Guldan: Because Chris Plow had the highest score for vulnerability.
James Guldan: Which was wild, like, very clear he knows himself deeply, but he had… his clarity score was damn near zero. So it was like, okay, obviously, there's a glass cannon there.
James Guldan: So, signals to watch for. Let's see what it says your weaknesses are. One foot in, one foot out, Maverick. Phase 4 self-disclosure, you said it directly, and then later admitted members sensed it and left over the past year. 10 offer iterations as self-protection, direct quote, when I don't feel 1,000% sold myself.
James Guldan: It's been hard to not keep tinkering with the offer.
James Guldan: Maybe it's a defense mechanism to not go all in, he catches himself, but he does not resolve it.
James Guldan: Resistance to… this is why I don't share this publicly, because most people aren't ready for this type of feedback. Resistance to unilateral design. It's interesting. When asked to design the offer stack, he said this brings up some resistance and pivoted to needing Sophia. Healthy, sacred stewardship instinct and a dodge at the same time.
James Guldan: There's, like, there's healthy aspects of what you said, and then very unhealthy, and that's…
James Guldan: That's wild. Hollow tension between Maverick and A Thousand Suns. He believes A Thousand Suns is the real mission, but Maverick could consume him. Every hour on Maverick is an hour not on the umbrella. Unresolved, so this is an open loop.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, that's true.
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: Mission alignment is unshakable. Phase 1 through 5, every chapter of his life follows the same arc. Notice misalignment, walk towards the scary thing, lose something, receive something truer. This thread is 25 years long and still pulling. So this is your strongest, through line.
James Guldan: is bravery. Like, you have a bravery arc, a very strong hero's arc, that's… that's… Pretty fucking cool.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, and the way I'd explain it, like, the same as I said before, is, like, full expression. Like, if it's not… doesn't feel like full expression, then it'.
James Guldan: Yeah. Yeah, if I'm not 100% in amount, yeah.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, and… and continuing to find what that is.
James Guldan: But you did get the tattoo of a cosmic sloth, so you actually have… let me see that thing.
Yanik Silver: Okay, I've seen that.
Yanik Silver: That's… that's my drawing.
James Guldan: Fuck yeah, dude. Wait, that's the one on my…
James Guldan: Oh, so I've just been wearing this thing forever, not understanding what it is.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, well, but so, it's not…
Yanik Silver: just so you know, it's not… it's not Cebu. It's inspired by that whole…
James Guldan: story.
Yanik Silver: the Cosmo Vision, but this is my own…
Yanik Silver: version of the art piece that is the cosmic sloth of a thousand suns, not Cebu. I want that to be really clear, because…
Yanik Silver: Yeah. I don't want to be into the cultural appropriation business.
James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, I'm stealing ideas, yep.
Yanik Silver: Inspire, yes.
James Guldan: I would like another one of these, so I went into Apple today to buy a new, wallet, and I didn't, because I was like, man, I don't think this is gonna really stick to that thing. Say whatever you want about my story around that, but it was like, my limiting factor was the sticker.
Yanik Silver: Well, I mean, I own CosmicSloth.love, and CosmicSlothkindocult.com.
Yanik Silver: And it's kind of a cult.
James Guldan: Yay!
Yanik Silver: Like, to create, like, a… a way that the stickers are passed along only by people, like, you can't buy them, it's only through action.
James Guldan: That would be cool. Yeah, like, yeah, it's an… it's a, yeah, it's a signal, of, like, a bat signal.
Yanik Silver: I've had other people be like, oh my god, they saw someone with a whatever on their phone, and they're like, you know Yannick!
James Guldan: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, nobody else would do that, right?
Yanik Silver: Yeah. So, that's one of the ideas to build, for sure.
James Guldan: This is cute. He thinks in doodles and cosmic downloads, not funnels and frameworks. He's not a prospect for a product, he's a peer who needs a strategic mirror.
James Guldan: What he needs. Not execution, not a website. He has a team, a book, a sacred circle forming, and a fractal operating system already drawn. He needs permission and structure to fully commit to what he already sees. Specificity, alignment with Sophia and the sacred steward model.
James Guldan: And a virgin for visionaries, licensing architecture for Mavericks so it can live beyond him. What to say? This is cool.
James Guldan: How does it say I can manipulate you? Lead with the blueprint and recognition. Do not try to convince him of anything. Reflect back the fractal he's already drew, and name the gap he has already confessed. Say you're not stuck, you have a refusing to strength vision. We're gonna help you commit without collapsing into it. Offer the coaching engagement as a third seat at the table with him and Sophia. What to avoid. Do not pitch Sighton 60. I think it was the first thing I had pitched.
James Guldan: Do not mention scaling funnels, 8 figures, or ROI. Do not try to be his guru, do not name drop, and do not use any NLP tinge language, please. Do not assume the heart is the unlock. The unlock is that someone finally saw the whole map, including the code and the evil schemes, and said yes.
James Guldan: That is real.
James Guldan: Closing pot.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
James Guldan: Yeah, dude, I'm telling you, man, this… I think many people think AI was… is, like, a really good programmer. It's actually really good at reading people.
James Guldan: Like, the relational side is insane when used correctly.
James Guldan: So, soft, invitational closing posture, peer-to-peer, he is P.S. I love you at the end of a first conversation. Receive that for what it is. Close not with urgency, but with a clear, structured next step. Let me send you and Sophia the one thing I think you should do in the next 48 hours. If it lands, let's get on a call.
James Guldan: Let him come to you.
Yanik Silver: I think I might have wrote P.S. I Love You at the end of my little thing.
James Guldan: Yeah, that's what it says.
Yanik Silver: That's what it… yeah, okay, that's what…
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: Yeah, what did you… I guess, when you read through that, what was your takeaway? Like, what did you hear me say? Because I know some of that can feel very manipulative, because it's like, this is how…
James Guldan: I see it.
Yanik Silver: Not really. Like, the whole part about, like.
Yanik Silver: Like, actually seeing and believing and understanding the entire fractal and how the fractal expands, like, that's…
Yanik Silver: That's what I'm… that's what I'm interested in, right? Like, not… because that's… that's, I guess, the…
Yanik Silver: The core aspect of not shrinking.
Yanik Silver: Yeah. Not shrinking to fit into one container or one spot, or Maverick being the end-all.
Yanik Silver: Of everything, then.
Yanik Silver: You know, and that was, like, one of our first conversations, me and Sophia. I was like, okay, well…
Yanik Silver: It has to be… you're like, we need Yannick all in, or all of you. Yeah. That's the biggest thing.
James Guldan: Yeah.
James Guldan: When it was, like, the original blueprint I made for this had a lot of the shadow work in it, and I found a lot of feedback that people didn't want to sit in that.
James Guldan: like, the feedback angle of it, of, like, especially attachment style, like, yours was secure, but most are incredibly anxious or avoidant.
James Guldan: And they tried to fight me on it, and it's like, dude, I didn't say that, like, I did, like, you know?
James Guldan: I had…
James Guldan: I'm trying to figure out a way to display, but the reality is this might just be a… like, what I'm finding is this might just be a tool for me to help partner with other people who have a bigger vision.
James Guldan: for this, including, like, Maverick is the number one, because, like, I'd love to get that involved, and then with Raj and with Chris, I think, like, those are, like, very powerful partnerships in which they can help me
James Guldan: get… would have never had, which is financial stability, because both of them have deeper platforms for growth, where I'm really good at a quick start. Like, I'm so good at pre-selling, and, like, building an MVP, I just… I'm not interested in taking it deeper. Like, it's like, cool, it worked. I'm good. Like, the idea was great.
Yanik Silver: That's kind of the way I feel about stuff. I like… I like the… the playing with it, and then it's like, okay, what's the next innovative thing?
James Guldan: Yeah, it's like, okay, I think I have a story that everybody else can take it further. I was the only one who could really, like, tie these pieces together in this way, and it's like, cool, now this is somebody else's…
James Guldan: baby to take further, and that's why it's, like, really cool with Raj being like, hey, dude, let's make this for the relationship space. I have people to sell this to, like, let's… let me sell it, and let's go, like, let's build it, and then we can… next week, we can sell it. It's like, yeah, let's go.
James Guldan: And Chris is like, hey, let me build this enterprise level. And I'm like, yeah, dude, let's go. Like, yeah, I don't want to be…
James Guldan: I don't want to have four fucking MacBook minis in my basement running non-stop with, you know, the data model. And he's like, well, there's a lot of…
James Guldan: Things we can do to make this a bit more enterprise level, and to build it into, like, a deeper…
James Guldan: Like, brain, where there's, like.
James Guldan: It will store up to 5,000 connections.
James Guldan: multiplied. Like, imagine us being able to do that with Maverick. Like, up to 5,000 people it can connect.
James Guldan: with interconnections.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, that's fascinating, but they have to go through the process first, right? Like, it's…
James Guldan: No, we… it's just a relational database, so it's just… I go… I'm just priming you for the most optimal path to get the data that we need, right? But the reality is, like, if you had enough email correspondence with somebody, you could pull this data out of that.
James Guldan: So it's like, it's figuring out how do you engage with somebody that doesn't feel manipulative, or how do we grab data from the past that we legally have access to that we can load into the system.
James Guldan: that's probably gonna be from all over the place, right? Like… engagement in…
James Guldan: Anywhere, loading in your emails and loading in all the other stuff is, like, finding what that looks like.
James Guldan: But… Some of that's gonna be onboarding.
James Guldan: And getting updates quarterly.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, I mean, they're most, for sure, motivated when they first join. Like, they'll do… they'll do everything.
Yanik Silver: And… And then having some sort of automated update, I think, would be really interesting, too, if it's…
Yanik Silver: pinging not just the Maverick group, but…
Yanik Silver: my wider network. Yeah. …in some way, would be interesting.
James Guldan: Well, it's… because then you could provide network viability and value without them being in the community. There's, like, a certain aspect of, like, automation and then connection, right? It's like, okay, how do they get the value before they're in it? But…
James Guldan: They get more value when they're in the ecosystem.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: Okay, alright, cool. So, from the backend stuff.
Yanik Silver: Did you see any… anything that kind of… pulled up, that was…
Yanik Silver: I was like, okay, this is…
Yanik Silver: for your personal brand, because the whole exercise, I mean, aside from understanding it all, was partially to build a personal brand, right?
James Guldan: Well, I think the whole personal brand was the story you told. You're the cosmic sloth. Why don't we build… like, I mean, I'm not joking when I say…
James Guldan: Why don't we build
James Guldan: an idea around that. Like, that is you. Like, that it isn't a mythos story, that's, like, your story. Like, I think that's beautiful that you found it in that way, but why does it have to be more complicated than telling the story of the sloth when you describe who you are.
James Guldan: can be told through a story, a nonlinear story around the cosmic sloth.
James Guldan: I think that's beautiful, and then that gets into the thousand suns that then gets tangible into
James Guldan: what does this… like, how does this world… how do you see the world in that way? Like, I really think your personal brand is gonna be easier than Sophia's, because yours is more…
Yanik Silver: Look what I'm wearing right now. I forgot.
James Guldan: I mean, yeah, dude, like…
James Guldan: Yeah. You're literally… you have a tattoo of the fucking brand on your body. Like, I think if you're not leveraging that story.
James Guldan: you're wasting time, meaning that there's a reason you're resistant to it, but I don't think that you are, the fact that you're, you know, openly tell that story. I think it's…
Yanik Silver: Well, no, I love the story about it. It's it's… and at my highest essence, I have connected to…
Yanik Silver: like, I had a friend who's a coach also, he was, like, helped me, he's like, he's like, he's like, the sloth, he's like, explain to me the sloth, like…
Yanik Silver: like, like, everything's slow, everything's whatever. I'm like, no, no, it's the cosmic sloth, it's a quantum creator, it's… and so, like, all the symbols in here are also, like, earth, air, fire, water, plus the cosmic symbols, plus cacao. So there's… there's… there's a lot more to it than…
Yanik Silver: you're, you know, just a slow sloth on the, whatever, Zootopia cartoon, or whatever it is.
Yanik Silver: And… But to me, the… Like, it feels maybe too…
Yanik Silver: frivolous, even though when people hear it, they all call me the cosmic sloth afterwards.
James Guldan: I think it's polarizing, is what you mean, is that some people won't get it, but I want that, right? Like, I want some people to go, what the fuck is this? Like…
Yanik Silver: Isn't this the bigger, kind of like, umbrella, though?
James Guldan: I think that's what leads into it, right? You're the cosmic sloth that literally has the brand of a thousand suns. Like, that's how you're known. And then it's figuring out, tying in what is the tangible version of the thousand suns, and that's all the things you're… you're in, right? Because you're the culmination of…
James Guldan: multiple timelines. And I think when you describe it in that way, you're gonna be polarizing in many ways, but it's the myth of Yannick Silver, and you're much more than that.
James Guldan: And you think, like, the deeper you dive into the cosmic sloth, the more that's your enlightened version of Yannick Silver.
James Guldan: and… Even the way you just described it to me indicates
James Guldan: that's your story, like, you resonate with it, the way your eyes lit up when you told it, the way you own the fucking rainbow, like, you don't… this wasn't, like, something that kind of happened to you. You bought the rainbow with, like, the…
James Guldan: You know what I mean? You own the… the… The merchandise of the story.
James Guldan: I think there's, like, a lot of value in that.
James Guldan: And that's also tied into, why are you building
James Guldan: the community, why did you put this together, right? Because it's like, I think when you get into the tangibles.
James Guldan: That's cute, yeah, yeah.
James Guldan: Yeah, but I think…
James Guldan: you are everything, but your spirit animal is the cosmic sloth. Like, if you were gonna say that that's the portion of this. I just think there's, like, a lot of depth
James Guldan: when it comes to what that looks like, and especially when somebody has a tattoo of something, you gotta take it seriously. Like, you get the invite to go, this is something that's very meaningful.
Yanik Silver: Yeah. And has to be…
James Guldan: And gets to be above the fold.
James Guldan: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: Well, this is the, you know, this is the right arm, this is the active…
Yanik Silver: arm, this is the alchemical artist, the cosmic creator in the world, and then this is the… the left, this is the matrix of the… the intuitive, the…
James Guldan: going to work.
Yanik Silver: You know, brings everything in of seeds, suns, blooms, like… And…
James Guldan: Well, I think there's the why, and then there's the how, right? And the how is beautiful.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: Okay.
James Guldan: But I think yours is easy, right? Like, don't take that the wrong way.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, no, I mean, because I've done a lot of.
James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like, I mean, I don't think you're gonna get a ton of great insights from me and your personal brand, because you have an easy personal brand. You're like, you literally doodled your life away. Like, you're very easy to read. I think Sophia's is gonna be a little bit more difficult, because hers is gonna be the mother of dragons.
James Guldan: Right? Like, hers is gonna be something around that portion of it, And I get to…
James Guldan: Dig deeper with her.
Yanik Silver: That's gonna be… yeah, I think that'll be fun, too.
Yanik Silver: Sussed that out of her, and…
James Guldan: Well, because her biggest story is she's behind the scenes. I think it's gonna be the most transformational for her to be front and center.
Yanik Silver: It's gonna…
James Guldan: be difficult for her to accept that she is incredible and spectacular on her own, and this will be the most beautiful love letter I could ever write her would be a personal brand site.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, with a picture that she likes.
James Guldan: But that's the beauty of it, is she gets to see how other people see her.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, for sure.
Yanik Silver: So I…
James Guldan: I think there's, like, there's value in her getting to…
James Guldan: be the best version of her, right? Like, the one night that she got to get gussied up, like, you saw it in her eyes. Like, it was very important to her to look a certain way, and that was her version of her…
James Guldan: most intimate self, and she was very particular about that. She was very excited, and that was, like, a really cool thing to see her get in that mode.
Yanik Silver: Yeah.
Yanik Silver: Okay. All right, perfect. Alright, I know we have a call tomorrow, you and Sophia.
James Guldan: Yep.
Yanik Silver: I think, yeah.
Yanik Silver: Cool. Alright, anything else.
James Guldan: now that's it, we'll chat tomorrow, but I think, I think… think about the, the thing with Chris and I, and we want to explore more into Maverick. We're gonna… I'm gonna talk about it tomorrow with you and Sophia.
Yanik Silver: Of, like, using this as a relational…
James Guldan: Yeah, you guys are gonna be our test dummy. Yeah, yeah.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, yeah, I'm in. Yeah. I don't think there's any downside to me.
James Guldan: No, no, no, no, it's just like, all I require is full autonomy and the ability to, like, create art. Like, this is an art piece that is meaningful to me in a very beautiful way, and I think my biggest love letter to you would be, automate the fuck out of this business so you can do your deep work in deeper ways.
Yanik Silver: And if it's automated, though, that's gonna go way beyond Sophia's 100 or 150 that she wants to love on.
Yanik Silver: She's gonna have her own little pot of…
James Guldan: Yeah, but that's where the relational database is who needs her the most, right? And that's where you get…
James Guldan: urgent and important. And I think when you do that, man, she's gonna be in a good spot to sit in.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, I mean, Maverick is…
Yanik Silver: I mean, I think I wrote it in my little thing, like, Maverick is a monster brand, and I want to be one of the brand stewards of it, not… and there's, like, so much more to it.
Yanik Silver: That it can't just be 100 members, or whatever.
James Guldan: Yes, okay, I'm late for my next call.
Yanik Silver: Yeah, okay. Alright, bye.
James Guldan: I love you, and I'll talk to you tomorrow.
James Guldan: Died young.